Don't use the term ack delay (#576)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

sent, the actual RTT of a path cannot be calculated or may not be
the right value to be used.

Instead of using the real RTT of a path, it is recommended to use

> the sum of two one-way delays: the delay

Reviewer: instead of "use", I would say "consider". We don't want implementations to develop estimators of one-way delays!

for example the PTO timeout: if a PATH_ACK is not received after more
than 350ms, either the data packet or its PATH_ACK were probably lost.

> The simplest implementation is to use the sum of the two one-way delays

Author: ```suggestion
The simplest implementation is to use the the delays measured when receiving new packet acknowledgements
```

> to compute smoothed_rtt and rttvar per

Reviewer: Maybe replace "the sum of one-way delays" by "the delays measured when receiving new packet acknowledgements"
